mr. the dress you've tested positive for
HIV have you ever used intravenous drugs
have you ever engaged in homosexual
comma oh my GD say homo you made of
steak st. me mr. Woodruff the estimating
that's 30 days left a news flash y'all
ain't nothing that there can kill Ron
Woodruff in 30 days in drugs they just
released your testing and I know this
hospitals on the size and me get it
doesn't work that way Miss Georgia where
are you going they got good meds out of
Mexico it's better than what you get in
the States this protein totally
non-toxic you can't dive it in USA Pro
it could be making a fortune off this
you look great function easy anything to
declare not a very important illegal
drugs for sale the very serious offense
they need a merely unapproved
been looking for you Lonestar just
tinker bell unless you got more cash for
new clients I'm busy yeah they're about
money that's yeah five percent 25 take
it or leave well the Dallas buyers done
treating him set my selling drugs i'm
gonna sell a membership Walker Forrester
is your patient yes sir girls the names
of players on the Dallas Cowboys hell is
it have a court order permitting up to
confiscate any and all not fda-approved
supplements my name is body check
Amsterdam down
why are we here nice restaurant
beautiful woman that's where I feel like
a human again mr. Woodruff what is going
on people are dying you're nothing more
than a common drug dealer he doesn't
pray on free tomo
alone would mean time just let me be yo
to be home